annot: Add some olive oil, 1 clove garlic, salt and pepper to a bowl
ACTID: 0
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some olive oil (-1), 1 clove garlic (-1), salt (-1), pepper (-1)
[PP, location, to] a bowl (-1)
annot: Chop 3 pieces of bread to small cubes
ACTID: 1
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] 3 pieces of bread (-1)
[PP, other, to] small cubes (-1)
annot: mix the cubes with the mixture
ACTID: 2
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] the cubes (1)
[PP, food, with] the mixture (0)
annot: Put the croutons on a baking pan
ACTID: 3
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the croutons (2)
[PP, location, on] a baking pan (-1)
annot: bake for 15 minutes
ACTID: 4
PRED: bake
[DOBJ, food] (3)
[PP, other, for] 15 minutes (-1)
annot: in a large bowl, add olive oil, chopped anchovy fillet, mayo, salt, pepper and lemon juice
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] olive oil (-1), chopped anchovy fillet (-1), mayo (-1), salt (-1), pepper (-1), lemon juice (-1)
[PP, location, in] a large bowl (-1)
annot: Whisk the mixture well to get the sauce
ACTID: 6
PRED: whisk
[DOBJ, food] the mixture (5)
annot: Chop some lettuce to small pieces
ACTID: 7
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] some lettuce (-1)
[PP, other, to] small pieces (-1)
annot: add to the bowl
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] (7)
[PP, food, to] the bowl (6)
annot: Toss the lettuce well in the sauce
ACTID: 9
PRED: toss
[DOBJ, food] the lettuce (8)
[PP, food, in] the sauce (8)
annot: take it out
ACTID: 10
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] it (9)
annot: serve with the homemade croutons
ACTID: 11
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] (10)
[PP, food, with] the homemade croutons (4)